[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All right.
So the body, like I said, I love
the body, my nursing career,
and it means so much to me.
And I've always been
fascinated with how it works.
So when my mother started
getting information
in her sessions where
they were talking about,
well, they had this issue
going on with the knee.
And this is what we were
trying to tell them.
And she would tell me,
guess what happened?
I'm like, what?
And it made so much sense.
I'm like, gosh, that's
logical in an illogical way.
It's not the scientific
medical stuff I was taught.
If you have a knee
bothering you,
it was some injury that
you got previously,
if something happened, or the
cartilage is wearing down,
and it's thin.
And you have no carti--
see, that scientific.
This is the reason for this.
But that's not it at all.
It goes back.
Why did that even happen?
Why did that accident happen?
See, that was a message.
The cartilage being
down, that's a message.
Where are those coming from?
So you have to keep
going back and back
and back until you get to the
root cause, the root message,
because they've
been talking to you.
If you've had something that's
been going on for a long time,
and, now, it's considered
a chronic condition,
chronic means long time.
It's been happening.
Acute means it just started.
It's very quick.
Something's happening now.
And chronic is
dragging the hell out.
You've had it all
your life, or you're
going to have it the
rest of your life.
Don't you love how
they give those
diagnoses to
something you're going
to have the rest of your life.
You're going to have to be
on this medication forever
and ever.
There is no cure.
Thank you so much
for that diagnosis.
[LAUGHING]
Wonderful message of hope.
Not to be down on
the medical system,
I was a part of it
for a long time.
It has a very critical role.
And I fully endorse it.
I fully am supportive
of that role.
But when it comes to dashing
people's hopes and dreams
and cutting their
lives short, that's--
you don't understand.
There's more to this story.
There's more to
what's going on here.
And that's what I want
people to understand.
So the body, what are
some things that--
what are some ailments,
common ailments in the body?
And we can go through what
they might be trying to say.
>> [INDISTINCT]
>> Carpal tunnel.
>> OK.
I heard-- we'll start
with some easy ones.
How about that?
I'm going to pick them now.
Let's start with--
the eyes are so easy.
[LAUGHS]
Something's going
on at the eyes.
What does-- what
did the eyes do?
This is what you guys do.
What is that body part do?
It sees.
So what do you think
it might be trying
to tell you if something's
going on with your eyes?
What are you not seeing?
Or it goes further, what
are you not seeing clearly.
What are you not willing to see?
Yeah.
See, it goes more than just
what are you are seeing.
See, there's-- and, usually,
when I put those other ones out
there, use this like,
I know what it is.
It's those other parts.
That's one of the things.
We-- this metaphysical world,
we do this metaphysical ease.
We all the speak that we say.
And it goes right
over the heads.
Like people, we have
to make it relatable.
We have to bring it into
our day-to-day language.
This is how we speak.
We don't-- you're not
speaking your truth.
Who knows what that means.
OK.
It sounds beautiful.
And we know what it
means hypothetically.
But if I said,
OK, anything going
on in this area, your mouth,
your jaw, your neck, all
of this, there's
something you need to say.
And you're not saying it.
Does that pin it down?
Do you know exactly what it is?
Every time.
If I put it in those
words, but if I'm saying
you're not speaking your
truth, what is that?
What's my truth?
See how it's-- we've
got to keep it here.
And I know this
is just some of--
I don't know what it is.
I don't need to justify
it or explain it away.
It's just stuff that happens.
I feel like that's
one of my roles
is to keep things down to
Earth, more easily understood,
or just to keep it here
where we can relate to it.
This is our life.
And we want to understand this.
So let's put it in terms
that we understand.
There's something
you need to say.
And you're not saying it.
That's usually very clear.
So the eyes-- yeah, you're
not seeing it clearly.
There might be a situation
going on that you're just not
willing to look at.
You're not willing
to look at it fully.
Clearly, something.
The ears are along
the same line.
What are you not hearing?
What are you not listening to?
Many times, when the
ears are doing things--
and I'm telling you mine a lot--
it's usually our guidance
team is trying to talk to us.
Remember, they're
talking to us constantly.
And so sometimes that's what
the ears are trying to indicate,
is we're trying to talk to you.
Will you listen?
And it's like, no, I'll wait
until you go to another area.
So I can fully get the message.
I don't hear you.
I can't hear you.
If we believe, we
can't hear them.
OK, I heard--
OK, low back-- and the
back is really good.
We get a lot of back issues,
don't we, QHHD practitioners?
Not talking about you guys.
This is what a lot of
people come in with.
And this is one of the things.
What does the back do?
What does that spine?
Yeah, it supports.
It holds the body up.
So it's supporting you.
So what is that telling
you right there?
>> [INDISTINCT]
>> Something to do with support.
All right.
It's something to
do with support.
When it's in the low back that
I have found, it's like, OK,
we'll start from the top.
We'll just go through the back.
The shoulders-- what do the the
shoulders do in the upper back?
What do we tend to do there?
We carry.
We carry the world.
If you visualize Atlas, he's
holding the world right there.
So that's where a lot of times
we have so much responsibility.
We're carrying the
world on our shoulders.
And it's bothering
that part-- that's
where it's trying to yell out.
It's like, hey, this
is what you're doing.
As it goes down the
back, it's support.
When it gets to the low back, it
tends to be about feeling like.
And I want you to
notice the words here.
Feeling like you
don't have support.
I didn't say you
So you feel like you don't.
Many times, what we have gotten
when they get to the message
is that you're not
seeing your support
system that's around you.
You have one you
need to delegate.
You are feeling like you're not
supported because you are not
recognizing this.
There is much more to this.
So that's very important.
It's how you feel about it.
And sometimes, it can
come to finances, too.
Yes.
>> Hands.
>> What do hands do?
>> They hurt.
[LAUGHS] They hurt.
So before they hurt,
what did they do?
They hold things.
That's what hands do.
They hold, they
grip, and they touch.
All right.
So if there's something
going on with them,
then it's something to do.
Many times, it can be
holding on to something.
And they're wanting
you to let go.
So you look at what
does that body part do.
And what I'm telling
you are general things.
They're going to be very close.
It's very close.
But then we'll go on to
next how you actually
get your own personal message.
All right?
To understand it.
But these are clues
to what it's about.
I heard-- pardon--
the heart.
OK.
She's saying AFib, atrial
fib, atrial fibrillation.
That has to do with the
heart, irregular heartbeat.
We're just going
to keep it down.
We're not going to go, oh,
this heart rhythm means this
and his heart rhythm means that.
It all comes down to
it comes to the heart.
What does the heart--
what does the heart represent?
Emotions, exactly.
It's the seat of emotion.
What do they do on
Valentine's Day?
Yeah, it's the symbol of love.
All right.
So it's the seat of emotion.
It's the caring,
it's all of that.
So if there's something
going on with the heart,
then I would be looking at
the relationship department.
There's something going
on in the love department,
There's just something.
And it's trying to get
your attention saying
there's something happening.
>> Skin.
I heard skin.
What about the skin?
>> Eczema.
Eczema is a good one.
What does the skin do?
It protects the body.
It's covering you.
It's protecting.
It protects all the
internal organs.
It protects the muscles.
It protects everything.
It's the detox system.
It's the largest
organ of the body.
It's doing so much work.
But the biggest
thing it's doing,
it's protecting-- most
of the time, that's
where the message is
coming from protection.
Let's go on to
some other things.
I'm dropping seeds is
what I'm doing here.
>> Asthma.
>> Allergies.
>> Ulcers.
>> Ulcers?
OK.
I heard ulcers, asthma--
>> Allergy.
>> --and allergies.
>> Blood conditions.
OK.
Gosh, you guys.
[LAUGHS]
OK.
Let's start with ulcers.
Where is this--
where's the ulcer?
In the stomach.
What does the stomach do?
She's talking about
ulcers in the stomach.
What does the stomach do?
It digests.
What does it digest?
Food.
Yeah, that's its purpose.
It digests food.
And then what does it do?
[OVERLAPPING SPEECH]
>> Yeah, it goes on.
What would happen if it didn't?
It would be bad.
In what way?
Let's get-- because this is
important for that message.
What would happen if
that did not move on out?
It'd poison the body.
It's festering.
>> Clogging.
>> Die.
>> You would die.
You would die.
If that food that you
just ate could not
be processed and
pass on out, you
would die because it's lots
and lots of toxins and things
that do not belong in the body.
What else do we
digest besides food?
>> Emotions.
Yeah, exactly.
We stuff the emotions.
So we digest emotions.
What else?
Information.
I didn't hear.
I couldn't--
>> Bad news.
Yeah.
So inform-- experiences,
intuition, all of these things
are coming in.
And we are digesting them.
We're processing them.
If I were to say, what
all do we process?
Because that's
what digestion is.
It's processing the food.
What do we process?
It's all these things.
So what happens if
they get processed
and they don't pass on out?
They're just sitting
there, and they churn,
and they churn, and they churn,
and they create something.
They're trying to
get out some way.
So an ulcer is an irritation
in the surface where
it's trying to poke through.
It's trying to move
its way on out.
It's just been there too
long, too long, too long.
And it's going to
come out some way.
What does that tell
you about emotions?
They're going to
come out some way.
They have to.
They have to be expressed.
That's why I meant earlier
about, if you have something
going on, feel the emotions.
That was one of the
reasons that you
had the experience was because
I want to feel these emotions.
We come to this plane--
to planet Earth
because it is notorious
for having these beautiful,
wonderful, so many emotions,
extreme emotions.
And what the ETs
are amazed at us
is because they might
have a few emotions.
And they're closely related,
where ours are extremes.
And they say, what's
amazing about us
is we can go from this extreme
to this extreme, just like that.
Would you agree?
I hate you.
But I love you.
[LAUGHING]
[GRUNTS]
Why do you make me so mad?
Yes.
I'm so excited.
How do you do that?
This is why we came here.
We wanted to feel that.
We learned all about it in the
spirit side and the theory,
we were studying in the
beautiful libraries.
These emotions.
I can learn so much.
We can learn 10 times faster
here with the emotions,
experiencing the emotions.
And we can there, reading
about it, studying it.
So, of course, we
want to come here.
I want to get down and
dirty in the school.
Let's have fun.
And then we're feeling
them, like, oh, my gosh,
stop having those feelings.
You can't have those feelings.
No, that's not OK.
It's not ladylike.
It's not manlike.
It's not anything like.
You can't have emotions.
What are you doing?
Let's give you a pill.
You can't experience
those things.
You need to dumb down
all your emotions.
You need to just be nothing.
Then why did you come here?
You wanted to experience them.
Yes, we get depressed.
That's an emotion.
Yes, we feel down.
But then we shift
to something else.
It doesn't stay there.
It might be there for a while.
But we just-- we
move through it.
All these emotions are
made to move through.
We process them.
And we allow them
to pass on through.
It's when we hold on to
them that we have issues.
That's when we
get our illnesses.
It's emotions.
It's something--
What's that term?
The stomach-- something
you're trying to stomach.
We've heard that.
I guess, I can't stomach it.
What does that mean?
There's something going
on that you don't like.
And you're not saying anything.
So it might even be
something going on up here.
There's something I need to say.
I'm not saying it now.
It's gotten to here.
I can't handle this.
I don't like it.
But I'm not saying anything.
I'm not doing anything.
And so my body is
telling me, there's
something you don't
like going on.
I'm not saying you personally.
I'm just saying, in general,
whenever these things are
happening, that's
what-- it's saying,
there's something that
you don't want a stomach.
You're not stomaching it.
It's not OK.
All right.
I heard--
>> Allergies.
>> Allergies and asthma.
They're similar.
Let's go to asthma.
And let's just put it
in a general, the lungs,
because asthma is the lungs.
It's breathing.
[EXHALES]
What are we doing
when we breathe?
>> Bringing in--
>> Bringing in oxygen, bringing
in our air that we need to live.
It's a vital function.
This is our life force.
Our lungs bring in our life
force, our oxygen that we need.
All right.
So if there's something
going on in the lungs.
What could it maybe be
possibly trying to tell us?
>> Not living--
>> You're not living your life.
Not living your best life, not
getting something you need.
What I have found
is when do we--
in fact, they're saying we want
everybody to breathe right now.
Big, deep breath.
[EXHALES]
Another one.
[INHALES]
All the way down.
[EXHALES]
When do you not do that?
>> When you're scared.
When you're scared,
what do you tend to do?
>> Have shallow breaths.
>> Yeah.
And you hold your breath.
And you don't breathe.
And that's what I
have found, is when
the lungs, when there's
issues going on in the lungs,
there's something that happened.
You have to look back
at when it started.
But something happened that made
it where you're afraid to live.
There's something-- you're
afraid to fully express.
You're afraid to be
fully who you are.
See what happens
when you do that.
[EXHALES]
You take the big breath.
But when you're ready
scared, you do this.
And you become small.
And you don't breathe.
And this is what I do
in my book and my course
is I look at the body parts.
And we look at the systems.
But you're always
looking at, what
does it do to give you-- to
help you with the message?
So what is the
endocrine system do?
>> It balances.
It balances the body.
It keeps the body
always in balance.
It is working constantly.
That's why it gets some fatigue,
because it's working so hard,
because we're doing so many
things that are pushing it out
of balance.
And it's trying to get
it back into balance.
And then it starts
going, help, help, help.
And that's what the message is
like, you're out of balance.
That's usually the message.
You are so out of balance.
I had that one myself.
And it kept saying,
you're out of balance,
you're out of balance.
And I didn't know what that
meant, except on my life,
I was living.
I was just working constantly.
I had no personal life.
I had nothing else.
I'm like, how am
I out of balance?
I don't understand.
I don't see-- the body is
just trying to tell you.
Yeah.
>> Bladder.
>> Bladder OK.
What does the bladder do?
>> Release.
>> It releases.
Yes, it releases what?
Releases urine.
It releases whatever
was in there.
It was urine.
And what does the
urine have in it?
Toxins.
There we go.
So that is the holder.
The ones that are actually
filtering those toxins
are the kidneys.
So anything in the kidneys,
now you're looking at there's
toxins going on.
Is there a toxic situation?
Or is there something
going on in the life?
But when it's the
bladder, that's
the mechanism that holds
this and then releases.
So that would tell
me, maybe, there's
an issue in
releasing the toxins,
releasing something
that's going on.
All right.
So this, again,
where we get more.
Now, what we want
to do, I'm going
to go ahead and jump the
process, how this works,
and why they told me
to write the book.
And I said, I had
resistance, resistance.
And they said, look, we
need you to write this book
because there's all
these other books.
And that was one
of my resistances.
Why am I writing a
book when there's
so many other books out there?
Why?
Why is there another
book needed on this?
And I don't know this.
I haven't read
these other books,
but they said there's
not a process.
And people need to
understand that they've
got to go-- you have
all the answers.
They got to connect to us.
They've got to connect to
themselves, their higher
self, and their guidance
team to get the answers.
Stop going to all these
other people, and fix me,
fix me, fix me.
You've got to take
care of yourself.
Get the answers for yourself.
This is your power.
It's taking your power back.
And so it's like you've got
to show them how to do that.
There's a process for it.
So I've been giving
some of it because just
like the body parts and
everything that gives you
clues as to what it's about.
But then you go to
your higher self.
And you get the rest
of the information.
How many of you believe that you
can tap into your higher self
and get answers?
Fantastic.
There's like half of you
are not raising your hand.
Why not?
>> Some days.
>> You don't believe in the
information you're getting from
the source, instead
of [INDISTINCT].
>> Thank you.
That's a very common thing.
He says, maybe you
don't believe that it's
coming from your higher self,
your guidance team, your source.
You think it's coming from
your own conscious mind,
your wishful thinking.
How very human of you.
And I mean that in the best way.
That is the human part of us.
And that's wonderful.
That's that discernment.
I want to know this is real.
That's our conscious mind
and our human part going.
But I hear this.
But is it really them?
I went through the same thing.
And that's how I can tell you.
But don't take my word for it.
I want you to go
through your own.
And I did this little
game, because I
was like, how do I know?
How do I know it's you
not my wishful thinking?
Because what I was
hearing was nice.
It was nice.
And I'm like, this
could just be me.
And I'm just fooling myself.
Anybody-- hey, I'm just
going to be the biggest
fool because I listen to this.
And none of it's real and
stuff, and it's like--
so they're like, OK, well,
how about we do this?
Because I like games.
I like things that make--
they map things out for me.
And they said, OK, when you hear
it from us, when you hear us,
we'll come maybe over here.
And this is just my case.
It could be different for you.
But it's like, you'll
hear us over here.
When it's you and your thoughts,
how about we put it over here?
Someplace, it's really easy to
know it's not from over here,
so over here.
And there was a third one, but I
don't remember what it was now.
So I went on.
I was OK, I can work with that.
Good.
Now, I have a plan.
I can work with it.
And I will know when it's you.
And I will know when it's me.
And so we'll move forward.
And probably 98% of everything I
heard after that was coming over
here.
And I'm like, OK,
that's interesting.
I get a few over here.
Like, OK, I can
tell the difference.
I can hear there's
subtle differences.
I can hear when the conscious
mind is doing its thing, when
it's coming through like that.
What that was doing
was helping me
to understand, to
know the difference
and to start trusting.
The other thing that
allowed me to start trusting
is what information
I was getting.
I would get confirmations.
I tended to get three
confirmations in a 24-hour
period.
Somehow, it might be
somebody coming up to me.
Remember, those messages
we were talking about,
how they talk to us.
It would be some way.
It might be a person.
It might be something, a
billboard, somebody talk to me,
whatever, anything.
It comes up.
And it might say, verbatim,
the very same thing that I got.
I'm like, oh, my gosh.
That's what I heard.
See, that's me
acknowledging now.
And that was building the trust.
And that's what it's all about.
Then you're trusting
your information.
You're trusting yourself.
You're trusting your source.
That's what it's all about.
And that's why I
encourage you to go
through that
discernment process.
I encourage you to question it.
Don't question it to the
point that you stop it.
Just work with it so
that you can trust it.
Because once you
trust it, now, you
have the full on conversations.
The one thing I said
at the beginning that
it's for everyone, if you don't
believe you have an ability--
this one I can
guarantee you have--
anybody get those
things called chicken--
I just went blank.
What is it?
Goosebumps.
Thank you.
In some countries, they
call it chicken flesh.
So I went to chicken.
It's not chicken pox.
It's chicken flesh, goosebumps.
You know what I'm talking about?
Those-- Yeah.
The chills.
And you go, all of a
sudden, it's like, whoa.
And the skin just stands up
and the hair and everything.
It means, whatever
you just heard
or whatever you
just said is truth.
And that's why I call
them the truth bumps.
And that's why I said
earlier, I was getting them
all the way up my legs when
I was saying something,
I was like, yeah,
it's like, well, yeah,
you're really on
to something here.
So pay attention to that.
That's really cool.
When you get it, it's
like, what was just said?
What did I just say, whatever?
It was truth.
So that way, you know,
because some people
say I don't have any abilities.
Somebody needs to know this.
I don't have any abilities.
Tracy has them all.
She took them all.
She can see.
She can hear.
She can do all this.
But I don't have any, nothing.
It didn't happen to me.
I guarantee you.
And I used to ask, in fact,
if I do, how many of you
have abilities
that have come in?
See, it's like 70% of the room.
And it used to be 50%.
And I used to accept that.
I don't accept
less than 100% now,
because we all have abilities.
You all have whatever that
was, I forgot it again.
Goosebumps.
We all get goosebumps.
So at least you have that one.
Where do we get caught up is
that we think it has to look
like somebody else's.
But I don't see
things like you see.
I don't see auras.
I don't see--
I don't have any abilities.
I don't hear.
I don't talk light language.
So I don't have any abilities.
I can't do that.
I can't-- that's not, no--
you have your own.
And that's where this-- as
you keep opening and allowing,
you will see what you do have.
I can see-- I have get visuals.
I can see-- I don't see
energy, but I can feel energy.
And I hear.
There's probably
others there, too.
I'm open.
I'm always open to receiving
more, but that's it.
As you start noticing
things happen,
and if it starts with
the goosebumps, great.
Thank you.
That's wonderful.
What now?
What next?
Be open to however else
they can come to you.
Allow it.
And that's that trust.
See, just understand
the conscious mind
is trying to protect you.
And that's why it's
questioning all the time.
But if you'll play games, it's
like, well, let's just try this.
Then, it will work with you.
The conscious mind-- the goal
here is for the conscious mind
to cooperate with that
higher part of ourselves.
And it will do it beautifully.
When mom was doing her
earlier work, she--
people went off the deep end.
They were completely
unconscious essentially.
They call it the amnesiac state.
They didn't know what happened.
And what we have in information
now through sessions
is that the conscious
mind, at that time,
could not handle
this information.
That's why they had
to put it to sleep.
Conscious mind
now, would you say
that you can handle
concepts that we could not
handle 10, 15, 20 years ago?
Hell, yeah.
There's stuff--
simultaneous time,
I can even understand that now.
And I can draw a
picture about it.
That was like, oh,
my god, my head
hurt every time somebody
talked about that before.
Let's say 15 years ago,
my head hurt so bad.
And now, I can understand it.
See, that's how we have grown.
We have all this DNA, all these
things that we've been doing.
We are growing and excelling
and accelerating and evolving.
That's allowing us to understand
things that we couldn't before.
So now, that's why they
want us to be aware.
They want us to
communicate and cooperate.
They want that conscious
mind cooperation.
So it's allowed to be party
to this information now.
They want it that way.
So if practitioners
and clients--
anybody out there--
QHHD, if you remember,
if you were aware of what
was going on, it's OK.
I don't mean to go
into QHHD right now,
but I just want you to
know because somebody
needs to know this.
It's OK.
That's where we are.
We want the conscious mind
to be aware, as long as it
doesn't shut the thing down.
Because you notice, if
you ask enough questions,
your conscious mind is
trying to come in there.
It's like, no, no, no, no, no.
We're doing that in
the waking state.
By you asking those
questions, see,
by me saying, OK, you can
do it this way, yes, I can.
Otherwise, the
conscious mind was
going to shut anything
down because it
doesn't understand it.
And I don't know
what you're doing.
I don't know what this is.
And I got to protect you.
So that's how it's been working.
Each one of us, we
are here for a reason.
You are here for a reason.
You have a role to play.
You are a vital
piece to this puzzle.
Without your piece, it
is not the same puzzle.
It will not be the
same beautiful picture
that it is, the same
scene that we have.
You are necessary.
You are vital.
You need to be here.
So be here.
Your body might be here.
But if your mind and everything
else is trying to escape,
and you're off in other
worlds, and you don't--
you're not fully
interacting, you're not here.
They want you to be present.
You came here for a reason.
Be here.
Serve your purpose.
Be what you came
here to be and do,
emanate your beautiful energy.
When we go off and
we're escaping,
that's because we're
thinking about the past,
or we're into the future.
We're in timelines that
we have no control over.
All we have control over
is this present moment.
So you keep pulling yourself
to this present moment.
And it might be a matter
of conditioning and working
with yourself.
It's a muscle again.
I need to come back.
I just-- OK, that's fine.
Be gentle.
I went off again.
OK, come back.
I want to be present.
My intention is to be
fully present with you.
I want to be there.
So that's-- keep going
with your intentions.
And you will get
to where you're--
it's much better, much easier.
It's a muscle.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, all.
Thank you.